README.md, before:

# VideoScheduler
VideoScheduler is a tool built for Windows that allows the user to schedule the playing of videos at a specific time. There is also support for commercial breaks.

## Setting up a Library
### Select root folder
When you first start the application, you will be directed to select the root library folder. All content must be contained in subfolders within this folder.

### TV Shows
TV Shows must be in the following folder/file format:
{root folder}/Shows/{Name of Show}/Season {#}/{#}.mp4/mkv

Note that episodes must be in a numbered season folder, and episode filenames must only contain an episode number.

### Movies
All movies should be in a Movies folder in the root folder.

### Other Videos
All other videos such as commercials and bumpers can be organized any way you want. Note: in randomized situations, the folder structure determines the criteria in which videos can be selected, so be sure to organize your videos in a way that videos in a given folder are interchangable.

## Copyright Warning
This application is intended only for personal use to view videos that are legally obtained and authorized for use by respective copyright holders. 
Use of this application does not grant license for use of any copyrighted material.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file for details

Commit message:

Link to demo video in README

README.md, after:

# VideoScheduler
VideoScheduler is a tool built for Windows that allows the user to schedule the playing of videos at a specific time. There is also support for commercial breaks.

## Setting up a Library
### Select root folder
When you first start the application, you will be directed to select the root library folder. All content must be contained in subfolders within this folder.

### TV Shows
TV Shows must be in the following folder/file format:
{root folder}/Shows/{Name of Show}/Season {#}/{#}.mp4/mkv

Note that episodes must be in a numbered season folder, and episode filenames must only contain an episode number.

### Movies
All movies should be in a Movies folder in the root folder.

### Other Videos
All other videos such as commercials and bumpers can be organized any way you want. Note: in randomized situations, the folder structure determines the criteria in which videos can be selected, so be sure to organize your videos in a way that videos in a given folder are interchangable.

## Demo
A demo video is available on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tcsil4xzt_k).

## Copyright Warning
This application is intended only for personal use to view videos that are legally obtained and authorized for use by respective copyright holders. 
Use of this application does not grant license for use of any copyrighted material.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file for details
